Marketing Contract
+  If the Founding Team desires to enter the Foundation into an engagement with a third-party marketing firm upon attaining a simple majority then the Administrator will be empowered to engage a third-party marketing firm based upon the terms of this contract.
+  If the third-party marketing firm agrees to the terms and conditions of this contract then the Administrator is empowered to engage the third-party marketing firm.
+  If the third-party marketing firm has proven experience with successfully marketing blockchain ICO’s then the third-party marketing firm is eligible for engagement.
+  If the third-party marketing firm provides examples of the abilities, scope, and reach of the marketing efforts the third-party marketing firm will employ that are acceptable to the Administrator then the third-party marketing firm is eligible for engagement.
+  If the third-party marketing firm is determined by the Administrator to reasonably meet and achieve the desires of the marketing efforts for the Prime-Ex Foundation then the third-party marketing firm is eligible for engagement.
+  If the third-party marketing firm will perform the services described for an exchange of PEX equal to an amount determined by the Administrator on a date prescribed by the Administrator then the third-party marketing firm is eligible for engagement.
+  If the Administrator declares that these conditions have been met then the third-party marketing firm is engaged.
+  If the Administrator determines that the marketing efforts have been fulfilled completely then 100% of the predetermined PEX shall be transferred to the third-party marketing firm.
+  If the Administrator determines that only a certain percentage of the marketing efforts have been fulfilled then the Administrator shall distribute an equal percentage of the PEX to the third-party marketing firm.
+  If the third-party marketing firm disagrees with the outcome declared by the Administrator then the third-party marketing firm shall have the right to request consideration of the matter from the Founding Team.
+  If the Founding Team agrees with the Administrator by simple majority then the contract is closed.
+  If the Founding Team agrees with the third-party marketing firm by simple majority then the remaining percentage of PEX shall be distributed to the third-party marketing firm and then the contract is closed.
This concludes the terms and conditions of the Marketing Contract.
